track RINclass
superTrack on show
shortLabel RIN class
longLabel Structural annotation by RIN class


track Core
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Core_aug.bb
shortLabel Core
longLabel Core
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 228,33,28

track Core_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl core_no_iso.bb
shortLabel Core
longLabel Core
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 228,33,28

track DNA
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl DNA.bb
shortLabel DNA
longLabel DNA
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 77,175,74

track DNA_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl dna_no_iso.bb
shortLabel DNA
longLabel DNA
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 77,175,74

track Ligand
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Ligand.bb
shortLabel Ligand
longLabel Ligand
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 255,127,0

track Ligand_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl ligand_no_iso.bb
shortLabel Ligand
longLabel Ligand
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 255,127,0

track Metal
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Metal.bb
shortLabel Metal
longLabel Metal
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 255,217,47

track Metal_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl metal_no_iso.bb
shortLabel Metal
longLabel Metal
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 255,217,47

track Protein
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Protein.bb
shortLabel Protein
longLabel Protein
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 166,86,41

track Protein_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl protein_no_iso.bb
shortLabel Protein
longLabel Protein
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 166,86,41

track Surface
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Surface.bb
shortLabel Surface
longLabel Surface
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 102,102,102

track Surface_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl surface_no_iso.bb
shortLabel Surface
longLabel Surface
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 102,102,102

track Disorder
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Disorder.bb
shortLabel Disorder
longLabel Disorder
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 55,126,184

track Disorder_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl disorder_no_iso.bb
shortLabel Disorder
longLabel Disorder
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 55,126,184

track Ion
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Ion.bb
shortLabel Ion
longLabel Ion
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 152,78,163

track Ion_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl ion_no_iso.bb
shortLabel Ion
longLabel Ion
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 152,78,163

track Peptide
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Peptide.bb
shortLabel Peptide
longLabel Peptide
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 0, 0, 255

track Peptide_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl peptide_no_iso.bb
shortLabel Peptide
longLabel Peptide
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 0, 0, 255


track RNA
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl RNA.bb
shortLabel RNA
longLabel RNA
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 247,129,191

track RNA_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl rna_no_iso.bb
shortLabel RNA
longLabel RNA
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 247,129,191

track Core2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Core.bb
shortLabel Core
longLabel Core
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 228,33,28

track DNA2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl dna_aug.bb
shortLabel DNA_aug
longLabel DNA
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 77,175,74

track Ligand2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl ligand_aug.bb
shortLabel Ligand_aug
longLabel Ligand
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 255,127,0

track Metal2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl metal_aug.bb
shortLabel Metal_aug
longLabel Metal
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 255,217,47

track Protein2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Protein_aug.bb
shortLabel Protein_aug
longLabel Protein
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 166,86,41

track Surface_aug
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Surface_aug.bb
shortLabel Surface_aug
longLabel Surface
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 102,102,102

track Disorder2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl disorder_aug.bb
shortLabel Disorder_aug
longLabel Disorder
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 55,126,184

track Ion2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl ion_aug.bb
shortLabel Ion_aug
longLabel Ion
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 152,78,163

track Peptide2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl peptide_aug.bb
shortLabel Peptide_aug
longLabel Peptide
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 0, 0, 255

track Buried2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl Buried_aug.bb
shortLabel Buried_aug
longLabel Buried
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 255, 69, 0

track Buried_no_iso
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl buried_no_iso.bb
shortLabel Buried_aug
longLabel Buried
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 255, 69, 0

track RNA2
parent RINclass
bigDataUrl rna_aug.bb
shortLabel RNA_aug
longLabel RNA
type bigBed
visibility 1
itemRgb on
color 247,129,191
